Doc update for slow operation detector [CTT-1152] (#2173)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/cluster-performance/pages/threading.adoc

operation details, start time and duration of each slow invocation. All collected data is available in
the xref:{page-latest-supported-mc}@management-center:monitor-imdg:monitor-members.adoc[Management Center].

> The `SlowOperationDetector` is designed to detect relatively long-running operations. Due to its internal scanning mechanism, it cannot reliably detect operations around or below ~1 second (1000 ms). Even if you configure a threshold lower than 1000 ms, such operation cannot be detected. If you need to detect operations that take less than 1 second, you should use a JVM profiler. However, use of third-party profiling tools is at your own risk. We do not provide support or warranties for any external profiler tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SlowOperationDetector` is designed to detect relatively long-running operations. Operations are checked every 1,000ms, and due to this scanning mechanism, it cannot reliably detect operations taking less than 1 second (1,000ms). If the slow operation threshold is configured lower than 1,000ms, it may miss operations if they are not running at the time of each scan. If you need to detect operations that take less than 1 second, you should use a JVM profiler. However, use of third-party profiling tools are done at your own risk and should not be used in production environments.
```

Author: fixed at [78fe7f0](https://github.com/hazelcast/hz-docs/pull/2173/commits/78fe7f0d3bc0885a13d62caddb065e524456ea22)

> The `SlowOperationDetector` is designed to detect relatively long-running operations. Due to its internal scanning mechanism, it cannot reliably detect operations around or below ~1 second (1000 ms). Even if you configure a threshold lower than 1000 ms, such operation cannot be detected. If you need to detect operations that take less than 1 second, you should use a JVM profiler. However, use of third-party profiling tools is at your own risk. We do not provide support or warranties for any external profiler tools.

Reviewer 2: > However, use of third-party profiling tools is at your own risk. We do not provide support or warranties for any external profiler tools.

Does it also apply to JFR?

IMO this is something we might rethink from product perspective. Asyncprofiler seems to be a de facto standard, [some products include it and apparently support](https://questdb.com/blog/questdb-9-1-release/#continuous-profiling). Also continuous profiling for a performance/latency critical system seems to becoming a standard. We should be less hostile to profilers in our docs.

Author: I updated this part as James suggested. Is it ok for you?

Author: Maybe we should remove this part "should not be used in production environments."
Wdyt?

Reviewer 2: "should not be used in production environments." -> "should be used with caution in production environments."? Or we can have a broader discussion about continuous profiling

Reviewer 2: but current wording is safer
